so I have some interesting news today
for you guys you all know that I am a
huge Last of Us fan I respect everything
they did with this series is game how
much you've supported this game and you
know I absolutely love it and I want to
talk about that secret ending that
secret ending that was shown at the last
of us live event after the stream had
ended nobody except for the people who
was in that room after at that time knew
what happened so let's just get right
into the article posted to IGN IGN says
first and foremost that druckmann
requested that nobody filmed during the
scene and stressed that this scene will
never be released in any other form so
pretty much me and you will probably
never get to see this scene ever but
let's move on IGN says that the scene
was a poorly written by chuckman as a
goodbye to Joel and Ellie that takes
place at Tommy's damn moving on it says
Joel was talking to Ellie explaining
that Tommy is trying to set him up to
marry a female there according to
various accounts of the scene Ellie is
acting distant and reserved till Joe
pulls out a guitar and begins to sing a
song he then begins to toe Joel I mean
Joe begins to tell Ellie a joke sorry
and the pair last together the tension
is broken and Joe leaves a guitar to
Ellie as a gift and the scene ends with
Ellie alone in her bed strumming accord
now you could read this entire article
for yourself they'll be in the
description but I want to talk about it
really quick pretty much joel is getting
married elias is upset at this you know
if any daughter will be upset that her
father is marrying
woman you know she was you know this
woman she may feel a bit jealous that
she's been left out or you know things
upon that nature and Ellie and Joel
pretty much our father and daughter at
this point you can consider them
whatever you want now my thoughts on
this scene it's a very good and powerful
scene I'm kind of upset that I would
probably never ever get to see the scene
ever you know just see it's probably not
like in a game or what not it's not
pixelated right there that nature it's
live but I really would have loved I
would have paid money to see this see
this one scene just cuz you know
anything no content with the last of us
I would just love man but well this is
possibly a sequel I'm not sure if you
guys remember that fan art that was a
made by artists mark in oak on I can't
really pronounce his name but this could
possibly be a sequel you know that
picture it just blew my mind I loved it
so much the picture will be on your
screen right about now just so you can
see it for yourself it was a really
powerful image and I would love to see
that story my guess is that you know
Ellie is upset or whatnot and eventually
I I really I'm clinging to this that she
leaves the damn or the town were her in
joel is and a bunch of people and she
goes out and search for somebody making
the cure or forever had to find answers
for herself she leaves without telling
Joel because he doesn't want to bother
Joel and watch Joel to live his life cuz
he's getting married or whatnot and like
she goes out looking for this for way to
cure this twisted world and Joe catches
wind of it joe says you're what I'll be
right back I have to go find Ellie and I
feel all and I feel like in this game
they will switch back from le tu jo Jo
tracking down Ellie Ellie doing her
thing cuz you know there's not really
much to do with them just staying at the
barn or whatnot so this is really my
possible you know what's possible for a
sequel with the last of us but do not
get your hopes up because drunk min is
working on like a ton of other things
including uncharted 4 and I feeling try
to for will be released two to three
years from now so two three years so
there's going to be nothing if there
will be Alaska but still there will be
nothing on it for ages and once again
I'm out of here tell me what you guys
think I really want to hear your
opinions and I won't be out of here
deuces
you